README.md, before:

# arcgis-samples-flex

Basic API samples for the ArcGIS API for Flex.

This is the source code for all the [samples](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/flex/sample-code/) in the  [ArcGIS API for Flex resource center](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/flex/).  This used to be part of the [Flex API Library download](http://links.esri.com/flex-api/latest-download) but is now available on GitHub.

[View live samples here](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/flex/sample-code/)

## Requirements
* ArcGIS Flex API Library
* Adobe Flex or [Apache Flex SDK](http://flex.apache.org/)

## Resources
* [Getting Started](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/flex/guide/getting-started.htm)
* [ArcGIS API for Flex Resource Center](http://links.esri.com/flex)
* [Flex API License agreement](http://www.esri.com/legal/pdfs/mla_e204_e300/english.pdf)
* [Flex API forum](http://forums.arcgis.com/forums/18-ArcGIS-API-for-Flex)
* [ArcGIS Blog](http://blogs.esri.com/esri/arcgis/tag/flex/)

## Contributing

Anyone and everyone is welcome to [contribute](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License
Copyright 2012-2013 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license.txt](license.txt) file.

[](Esri Tags: ArcGIS Web Flex Map Library API)
[](Esri Language: ActionScript)

Commit message:

Add link to Esri guidelines to contributing.

README.md, after:

# arcgis-samples-flex

Basic API samples for the ArcGIS API for Flex.

This is the source code for all the [samples](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/flex/sample-code/) in the  [ArcGIS API for Flex resource center](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/flex/).  This used to be part of the [Flex API Library download](http://links.esri.com/flex-api/latest-download) but is now available on GitHub.

[View live samples here](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/flex/sample-code/)

## Requirements
* ArcGIS Flex API Library
* Adobe Flex or [Apache Flex SDK](http://flex.apache.org/)

## Resources
* [Getting Started](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/flex/guide/getting-started.htm)
* [ArcGIS API for Flex Resource Center](http://links.esri.com/flex)
* [Flex API License agreement](http://www.esri.com/legal/pdfs/mla_e204_e300/english.pdf)
* [Flex API forum](http://forums.arcgis.com/forums/18-ArcGIS-API-for-Flex)
* [ArcGIS Blog](http://blogs.esri.com/esri/arcgis/tag/flex/)

## Contributing

Esri welcomes [contributions](CONTRIBUTING.md) from anyone and everyone. Please see our [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/esri/contributing).

## License
Copyright 2012-2013 Esri

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license.txt](license.txt) file.

[](Esri Tags: ArcGIS Web Flex Map Library API)
[](Esri Language: ActionScript)
